Thanks to Li Xinyi for saving us.
And it's still in the closet in the preparation room
Heard your plan
Hey
The proof is here
What else do you want to quibble about?
Slave trick come on
Keep your voice down and watch people
Very good, we are free to be adopted by the master
Multiply with brothers
Should have met at the peak
But because of your own selfish desires
To where we are today
You do this
Worth meeting somewhere
Look up and stop talking about those crowns and queen sizes
You can get everything in your mood
This is what you owe me
I don't owe you anything
Now turn around.
You still talk about this?
You need to exchange my unique life experience
Spend all the poses
You are the world-renowned martial arts supreme dragon power
Dream on.
You are no match for me
Don't you think
During this time
You are the only one whose cultivation has advanced by leaps and bounds, right?
Hahaha, since you took the initiative to become enchanted
Aren't you afraid of going crazy and dying?
It is easy to kill the sky in troubled times